#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via requests-cache
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests-cache
babel==2.11.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
    #   trove-newspaper-images
bibtexparser==1.4.0
    # via pyzotero
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
cattrs==22.2.0
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via nltk
contourpy==1.0.6
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-client
exceptiongroup==1.0.0
    # via cattrs
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
feedparser==6.0.10
    # via pyzotero
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==5.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==5.10.0
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.17.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==8.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.2.0
    # via nltk
json5==0.9.10
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.17.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   voila
jupyter-core==4.11.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   voila
jupyter-server==1.21.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
    #   voila
jupyterlab==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.16.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   voila
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trove-newspaper-images
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.6.2
    # via wordcloud
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.0
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   voila
nbconvert==7.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   voila
nbformat==5.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
nltk==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   textblob
notebook==6.5.2
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.23.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   wordcloud
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
pandas==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   trove-newspaper-images
    #   wordcloud
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.32
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.3
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   bibtexparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.19.2
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.6
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
    #   pyzotero
pyyaml==6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
pyzotero==1.5.5
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2022.10.31
    # via nltk
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pyzotero
    #   requests-cache
    #   trove-newspaper-images
requests-cache==0.9.7
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via feedparser
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   url-normalize
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.0
    # via ipython
terminado==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
textblob==0.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
traitlets==5.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   voila
trove-newspaper-images==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
voila==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   voila-material
voila-material @ git+https://github.com/GLAM-Workbench/voila-material.git
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.1
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==10.4
    # via voila
widgetsnbextension==4.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
wordcloud==1.8.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.10.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
